# Summary

The whole project was pretty smooth to develop except some minor things i will mention later. However I followed my planning for the most part, I decided to create a get.py which included the functions aswell as figs/plotly graphs and the choropleth geojson map. As i started with getting plotly dash + plotly bootstrap up and running and noticed you were supposed to write the html & css in Python i lost my motivation a bit as i think thats a very bad way to work with html and css. I see that Plotly Dash is based on flask and i prefer working with flask as you usually do with html templates so you get away from the painful experince of working with web based languages and let Python handle just the backend of it. I went on to making the graphs and displaying the data on the /age page instead, this proccess went really smoothly and as ive been working with pandas before this assignment and the data from the (National_Total_Deaths_by_Age_Group.csv) file was pretty easily layed out this only took me a few minutes. After discovering that we were supposed to use Plotly Express i looked up the documentation and immediately saw that this was much more user friendly to work with then what i previously used (matplotlib) i made the charts on this page in just a few minutes aswell. The hardest part was this choropleth geojson map which ive discoverd was possible to make on the plotly express documention. To create this i was forced to modify i think it was 2 of the countie names in the geojson as i had to map the names in the map which the names i had in my csv file (Regional_Totals_Data.csv). This probably took me an hour as i had trouble even displaying the map in the first place, the map just wouldn't display! I finally manged to solve this problem as it turned out to be a problem with my dictonary for maping the counties. After this i moved on to styling the page again... This time i took my time and as ive been working with html, css and bootstrap before i didn't really have any big trouble with it except it was harder to make it responsive and test out changes as i had to restart my flask server for changes to take effect. Im pretty happy with how it turned out and have now started on developing it in javascript with vue as my frontend framework and a express api for fetching the data to the frontend, if i ever will complete this remains to see!